---
layout: post
title:  "Fear"
date:   2022-06-10 20:11:48 +0530
categories: jekyll update
description: This is a post description.
excerpt: This is the post excerpt.
---

{{ page.excerpt }}

Today I want to talk about something. Fear. We all have fears. Fear of failing. Fear of falling behind. Fear of incompetence. You and me, all alike have different different fears. And when fear strikes you, believe me I have felt it and I feel it sometimes now too, you get paralyzed. Your eyes get wet and the only option you have then is to fight. There is nothing wrong in crying. I cried. But the thing is which nobody tells us is that fighting fear is not a one day thing. You have to fight it every single day. When you are in a state fear you wake up the instant alarm clock rings and you come face to face with your fear.

 It will haunt you many times in a day. But remember and never forget this, YOU ARE NOT PERFECT, NOR ANYONE ELSE IS. It's ok not to be perfect on paper. Its ok to fail. Its ok to cry. But the real sign of a fighter is to fight, not to win. Yes we all do mistakes, I do, you do, your parents do, yours teachers do, your friends do, everybody does. Fight your fears and never give into your fear, what choice do we have other than that. We are fighters and not winners. Fight. Fight. Fight. Be honest, be humble. Because you never know what someone else is going through. Your words affect a lot when someone is in problem and you might discourage them. Keep learning, keep growing. No one will ignite the fire inside you. Its only you who can do it. Motivate the person who is in problem. Radiate hope into the world. Because I know how much hope is needed and sometimes, some kind words are what is needed.

Let's make a commitment here. I am making it with you now. 
I will fight and never give up. No matter what the situation. No matter the place and time. I am a fighter. I never give up. I am not perfect, I am not the best, but I will fight like no one else does. 

**Winners don't radiate hope. But fighters do.**

Hope! That's what world works on.
